ft: add release notes for 2.14.16 (#11677)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- Add a provisioner for `Modal` push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11665
- Add a workflow to publish OSS UI components automatically on OSS releases — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11655
- Expose the `limit` kwarg in `serve` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11645
- Add methods supporting modification and suppression of flow run notification policies — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11163

### Fixes
- Fix block reference resolution in `prefect.yaml` and support accessing block fields using keypaths — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10938
- Avoid rerunning task runs forced to Completed state — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11385
- Add a new UI setting to customize the served static directory — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11648

### Documentation
- Fix retry handler example code in tasks concept documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11633
- Fix docstring example in `from_source` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11634
- Add an active incident screenshot to the documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11647

> - Updates work queues docs to clarify that work queues are currently a feature of hybrid work pools only — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11651

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add clarification on work queues being a feature of hybrid work pools only — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11651
```

Reviewer: it's just shorter not necessarily bettrer

- Update interactive workflow guide description and heading — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11663
- Add API reference documentation for `wait_for_flow_run` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11668

> - Remove duplicate line in `prefect-deploy.md` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11644

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove duplicate line in `prefect deploy` docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11644
```

> - Update the README to clearly mention running the Python file before starting server — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11643

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update README to clearly mention running the Python file before starting server — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11643
```

- Fix typo in `Modal` infrastructure documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11676

## New Contributors
* @N-Demir made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11633
* @sgbaird made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11644
* @bjarneschroeder made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10938
* @Fizzizist made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11305

> * @NeodarZ made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11163

Reviewer: yay! we should celebrate this for sure, in the actual release notes

**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.14.15...2.14.16

## Release 2.14.15

### Fixes

> - Fix an issue where setting `UI_SERVE_BASE` to an empty string or "/" led to incorrect asset urlsct/pull/11628

Reviewer: thanks for adding this. only thing is PR didn't get linked properly

Author: Good catch!

> **All changes**: 2.14.14...2.14.15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.14.14...2.14.15
```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.14.16

### Enhancements
- Add the `wait_for_flow_run` method to `PrefectClient` to allow waiting for a flow run to complete — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11305
- Add a provisioner for `Modal` push work pools — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11665

> - Add a workflow to publish OSS UI components automatically on OSS releases — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11655

Reviewer: this is maintenance and i'm not sure should be included

Author: Gotcha, I'll drop it.

> - Expose the `limit` kwarg in `serve` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11645

Reviewer: maybe add "to allow.."

Author: I don't think "allow" is the description since it's always been possible, it's just that now the option is more visible. I'm leaning towards something like "- Expose the `limit` kwarg in `serve` to increase its visibility"

Reviewer: perfect! yeah I had forgotten this one

- Add methods supporting modification and suppression of flow run notification policies — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11163

> - Enhancements to sending and receiving flow run inputs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11636

Reviewer: maybe we should be more specific here

Author: Updated to:

"Enhancements to sending and receiving flow run inputs by automatically converting types to `RunInput` subclasses"

Reviewer: 🎉

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

one extra space

### Fixes
- Fix block reference resolution in `prefect.yaml` and support accessing block fields using keypaths — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10938

> - Avoid rerunning task runs forced to Completed state — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11385

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid rerunning task runs forced to `COMPLETED` state — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11385
```

> - Add a new UI setting to customize the served static directory — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11648

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new UI setting to customizE served static directory — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11648
```

Author: I feel like we need the "the" - maybe this is better? "Add a new UI setting to customize the location of the served static directory"

### Documentation

> - Fix retry handler example code in tasks concept documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11633

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix retry handler example code in task concept docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11633
```
